---
layout: post
title: "Leaflet, Javascript and GeoJSON"
categories: misc
---

I started a <a href="https://github.com/cherylhughey/leaflet-storymap">new adventure </a>experimenting with multiple map plot points using Leaflet, Javascript, HTML and GeoJSON. It is based on some older open source code that I found. The Javascript scroll bar is being a bit stubborn. I suspect that the older code may have some bugs or integrations that needs to be corrected. However, I was pleased on how easy it was to convert a .csv file to .geojson using  <a href="http://geojson.io/#map=2/20.0/0.0">geojson.io</a>. I'd recommend the site for anyone looking to work with this type of file.

I'd also recommend that any coding newbs open up a GitHub account and just start coding. There is a community out there willing to share code ideas. You can only learn if you take the leap and embrace possible failure. Why? Winning and learning comes from learning to debug and fix what you broke. Try it.

PM Update: I fought a whale of a beast with a wayward map marker tonight. When I clicked "2" on the map, the evil nymph would jump to "1." At first, I figured I'd just kill the click interaction, but the devil wouldn't surrender. Finally, I started Googling around and say mention of problems with "fly to." I dug around the code and deleted the beast. Magic.  

I'm still not happy with the map marker to scroll interaction. If you click on "2," it does not move enough to focus on the picture. I've tried adjusting spacing, but it's still not 100%. Perhaps it is something to fight another day. I do have vividly green map markers now in a penta shape. One win for me, plus a beast was slayed. Good night.
