---
layout: post
title: "STL GIS"
categories: learning
---

 I've now re-entered the world of getting paid to build websites. It's been a while, but I just launched a new one for work called <a href="https://cherylhughey.github.io/stlgis/">STL GIS.</a> The site features information on GIS events, news and jobs in St. Louis.

 To get the framework started, I chose to use a gem-based theme in Jekyll called "Architect." (Gems are Ruby helpers that are pre-built collections of code. It eliminates redundancy. Ruby is my love.) But, let's backtrack. I tried the same framework from one of my practice sites on the localhost, but could not get it to push correctly to GitHub. For the sake of speed (since it was for work), I ditched it and went with Architect. Thus, I was reminded "again" that launching anything on the fly without a test is always a risk for time.

 Architect was pretty flawless to use as a framework. I was able to work with it fairly easily. The tough (fun fun) part was that the Ruby code used prebuilt buttons. Thus, I made a really cool button and kicked my design up with a bar. I used a USGS satellite <a href="https://www.usgs.gov/media/images/great-pine-tier-after">image</a> for the background. You can see the final artwork on the <a href="https://cherylhughey.github.io/stlgis/">site.</a>

 Based on the requirements gathered from ideation, a St. Louis event list was put on the sidebar on the right. A running list of news and a link to GIS learning information was on the left. The weird thing about the gem was that you have to bounce between HTML (layout) and Markdown (blog) when building pages. It appears to be the norm for Jekyll and this very site.

 If you're looking to build a site in Jekyll, I'd suggest that you have a basic knowledge of Ruby, HTML, CSS, Markdown and even Bootstrap. While it's lighter weight than Ruby on Rails, it is not a WYSIWYG framework. If you want to rock it, it will help to have a solid foundation in some of the same things you need in Rails. 
